Oh
ah
EEE
mmm
yes
Oh
hey internet friends what is up I hope
you enjoyed that Iceland video let me
know he did hit that like and subscribe
button that is pretty much it for the
Iceland videos it was such an awesome
trip if you want to see more I did put
out three other videos and I will link
all of those down in the description
below or you can click right up here to
start with the first vlog and watch all
the way through I also post lots of blog
posts with lots of pictures over at my
website Sara DG comm that you can check
out next week I am actually doing kind
of like a behind-the-scenes of you know
what I brought to Iceland like the
camera equipment of kind of what I did
to you know edit the videos and all that
stuff and also I'm going to kind of
share my experience in Iceland maybe if
you're thinking about going on a trip
there maybe I'll have some helpful tips
or anything you know for you and then
also maybe I will do like a little Q&A
so if you have a question about Iceland
about my camera stuff about traveling in
general I will answer those questions on
next week's video so leave a comment
down below question or you can tweet me
Instagram me snapchat any social media
platform I probably have it
can ask a question on that so thanks for
watching this video and also I have an
announcement next month the month of
August I am super excited because three
things I'm moving to Nashville which is
pretty crazy it is a big transition in
life but I am stoked number two it's my
birthday month I'm turning 21 that's
exciting and then number three I am
starting creative spaces TV what the
heck is that it is basically a mini daki
that I've just had my hiatus idea since
last year and I'm finally you know ready
to put it out there and so I'm starting
with three kind of full like the videos
and I'm super excited to share with
y'all it's a filmmaker a photographer in
a recording audio engineer guy and so
basically what these videos are is about
it's a behind the scenes look of kind of
a life in the day of a creative it kind
of shows you their space and what they
do and it's going to be awesome
so get ready for that the first week of
August is when it starts
so make a mental note you can follow me
on all my social media platforms and to
keep up to date on that Instagram and
stuff and I'm in the snapchat lately I'm
all about that snapchat story so that's
exciting
I might start periscoping I don't know
or y'all periscoping is that like a
thing I might I have one but I haven't
actually periscope yet we'll see did I
seriously just do that in one take so
check out the description box for all of
the Iceland videos and blog posts next
week I will do my Iceland
behind-the-scenes video so ask me
questions on the Twitter's and YouTube's
comments and all that stuff and then
August creative spaces TV I'm excited
thanks for watching I will see the next
video